Question 1: Are there any data quality issues present?

ANSWER:
The Products Data set has a large number of nulls across 
most columns. Out of a total of 845552 rows CATEGORY_4 has
the highest percentage of nulls at 92%. Manufacturer and
Brand both contain 26.8% nulls. Such a large percentage of
null values will limit the quality of the insights gained
from those fields.

The Transaction data set is mostly complete. There are only
5762 nulls in BARCODE out of 50000 rows of data. The Final 
Quantity and Final Sale columns are object data types but
should be float (or some type of numeric). Final Quantity
contains "zero" instead of 0.00 and Final Sale has 25%
missing values.

The Users data set has many nulls in Language so that will
be less effective at providing insights. Birthdate, State,
and Gender also contain Nulls but at a smaller percentage.
These could still provide insights. Notably, CREATED_DATE
and BIRTH_DATE were read in as object data types instead 
of datetime.


Question 2: Are there any fields that are challenging to understand
ANSWER:
The Products data set has ambiguously named columns. 
CATEGORY_1, CATEGORY_2, CATEGORY_3, and CATEGORY_4 do not
provide much context at surface value. Upon reviewing the
data set, it appears CATEGORY_1 is the broadest category
type and CATEGORY_2 through CATEGORY_4 add additional
context. 

The Transaction data sets have clearly named columns.

The Users data set has a column named ID that would be
better named USER_ID to avoid confusion with a generic
row ID.
